IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the confidential information in the presentation following this disclaimer, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing or making
any other use of the presentation.
THIS PRESENTATION IS CONFIDENTIAL AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM PART OF, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE FOR, UNDERWRITE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE, ANY SECURITIES OF
[KLARNA] (THE “ISSUER”) OR ANY AFFILIATE OR SUBSIDIARY THERETO, NOR SHALL IT OR ANY PART OF IT FORM THE BASIS OF, OR BE RELIED ON IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY CONTRACT TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR ANY SECURITIES OF
THE ISSUER (“SECURITIES”). ANY PERSON CONSIDERING THE PURCHASE OF ANY SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER MUST INFORM ITSELF INDEPENDENTLY BASED SOLELY ON ITS OWN DUE DILIGENCE AND JUDGMENT. THIS PRESENTATION IS BEING
MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU BASED ON YOU NOT BEING A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”)) AND BEING PHYSICALLY LOCATED AND RESIDENT OUTSIDE THE UNITED
STATES WHEN RECEIVING THIS PRESENTATION, AND IS MADE AVAILABLE SOLELY FOR YOUR INFORMATION AND BACKGROUND AND IS SUBJECT TO AMENDMENT. THIS PRESENTATION (OR ANY PART OF IT) MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR
REDISTRIBUTED, PASSED ON, OR THE CONTENTS OTHERWISE DIVULGED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO ANY OTHER PERSON (EXCLUDING YOUR PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS) OR PUBLISHED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Much of the information herein is preliminary and subject to change and is also incomplete and does not constitute all the information necessary to adequately evaluate the consequences of investing. Additionally, while information herein has been
obtained from sources believed to be reliable, no representation is made as to its completeness or accuracy. The information contained in this presentation has not been independently verified and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is
made as to, and no reliance should be placed on, the information or opinions contained herein. The information set out herein may be subject to revision and may change materially before closing. None of the Issuer or any of their affiliates or
subsidiaries is under any obligation to keep current the information contained in this presentation and any opinions expressed in it are subject to change without notice. Prospective investors are solely responsible for making their own independent
appraisal of and investigations into the products, investments and transactions referred to in this presentation, the advisability, suitability, and consequences of the same, and should not rely on any information in this presentation as constituting
investment advice. None of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries is responsible for providing legal, tax or other advice and prospective investors should make their own arrangements in this respect accordingly.
The communication of this presentation may be restricted by law; it is not intended for distribution to, or use by any person in, any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. This presentation is not directed
to or intended for distribution, or transfer, either directly or indirectly to, or use by, any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, transfer, publication, availability or
use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction. In particular, neither this presentation nor any copy hereof may be sent, or taken, transmitted or distributed, directly or indirectly, in
or into Australia, Canada, Japan, or the United States (including its territories and dependencies, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia) or to any resident of thereof. This presentation is only being provided to persons outside of
the United States in reliance on Regulation S of the Securities Act. This presentation does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. This presentation is directed at (i) persons
outside the United Kingdom, or, if this presentation is intended for distribution in the United Kingdom, (ii) solely to (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services
and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Order”); (b) those persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; or (c) those persons to whom it can otherwise be distributed without contravention of Article 21
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or to whom it may otherwise lawfully be distributed (each, a “relevant person”). In the UK, this presentation must not be acted or relied upon by persons other than relevant persons. Any investment or
investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to (i) in the United Kingdom, relevant persons and, (ii) in any member state of the European Economic Area other than the United Kingdom, “qualified investors” within the
meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017. The distribution of this presentation in other jurisdictions may also be restricted by law, and persons into whose possession this presentation
comes must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions.
The information in this presentation is confidential and these materials contain confidential non-public and proprietary information. Any distribution of this presentation, or of any information contained in this presentation, to any person other than an
original recipient (or to such recipient’s professional advisors) is prohibited. Any reproduction of this presentation in whole or in part, or disclosure of any of its contents, without prior consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. This presentation remains the
property of the Issuer and on request must be returned and any copies destroyed.
Any projection, forecast, estimate or other “forward-looking” statement in this presentation only illustrates hypothetical performance under specified assumptions of events or conditions. Such projections, forecasts, estimates or other
“forward-looking” statements are not reliable indicators of future performance. Hypothetical or illustrative performance information contained in these materials may not be relied upon as a promise, prediction or projection of future performance and
are subject to significant assumptions and limitations. In addition, not all relevant events or conditions may have been considered in developing such assumptions. Prospective investors should understand the assumptions and evaluate whether they
are appropriate for their purposes.
This presentation may include figures related to past performance or simulated past performance. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The Issuer disclaims any obligation to update their views of such risks and
uncertainties or to announce the results of any revision to the forward looking statements made herein.
NOT FOR GENERAL PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION.1. Established in 2005, Klarna is a now fully 4. Merchants are choosing Klarna.
licensed bank, enabling the next generation
We are already offered by 20 of US 100 top retailers,
of retail banking. and by 650 of Germany top 1,000 retailers. Global
brands chose Klarna as we are becoming a key source
The regulatory status yields significant benefits in terms
of consumer acquisition across multiple markets.
of reputation and credibility towards investors,
merchants and the general public where we need to
5. Ahead of the game in becoming the super
fulfill qualitative and quantitative requirements.
App in North America and Europe.
2. Klarna operates on a global scale. We leverage our superior position in payments and our
wealth of data to become the preferred app for both
We have the largest market coverage among our
shopping and banking. We have built an exciting
peers. We launched 4 new markets last year, and will
shopping journey which drives further engagement, more
launch 5 in the coming months, taking us to 19 core
data and new monetization opportunities. Our Klarna
markets. We can execute at speed and with high
card and savings account are seeing great initial traction
impact.
and we are launching current accounts too.
3. The best consumer offer. 6. Massive growth potential.
We offer more payment methods, and more flexibility We have won consumer preference and a large share of
than any peer. We are the only provider that allows checkout in all our established markets. Nordics and
consumers to literally pay anywhere. As a result, we DACH are highly profitable. The US offers a substantially
have 87m global active users and a wealth of proprietary larger opportunity and we have unparalleled
data, including 2bn SKU level data points. momentum. New markets further boost our growth.
4The next generation of retail banking and super
app of North America and Europe: Klarna is a
reputable, fully licensed European Bank (since
2017). We have 3,600+ employees of which
1,400+ engineers.
INVESTORS
5Launched 4 new markets in 2020,
launching Canada, France, New Zealand,
Portugal, and Ireland in 2021.
19
7
4
2
6Klarna
7Engaging brand.
Superior product.
Ubiquity.
8Source: Forbes, 2017
An industry that
has lost touch.1011feat Maya Rudolph press shoppable gaming
views
views
No bots allowed views
views feat Smoooth Dogg views
feat Lady Gaga
views
feat Aquaria, Asia O'Hara, Kim Chi, Naomi Smalls, and Violet Chachki
feat SypherPK
and KittyPlay
views
12
feat Bretman Rock viewsEngaging brand.
Superior product.
Ubiquity.
13Number of markets 19 4* 7 2
Wish lists ✓ x x ✓
Payment platform.
Merchant promotions ✓ x ✓ ✓
We have developed and launched
Price drop ✓ x x x the broadest range of payment
Pay in 4 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ options. We make them available at
every merchant, whether directly
Pay in 30 days ✓ x x x integrated or not.
Financing ✓ ✓ x ✓
Pay now ✓ ✓ x x
Engaging features.
In-store ✓ x ✓ ✓
Our features take consumers
Express checkout ✓ ✓ x x through the shopping journey
through browsing, paying and
Loyalty program ✓ ✓ ✓ x
post-purchase functionality.
Track shipments ✓ x x x
Digital receipts ✓ x x x
Support errands and
✓ x x x
returns
Snooze payments ✓ x ✓ x
Note: Not all features are available in all markets
* Markets where PayPal has launched Pay in 3 / Pay in 4 / PayPal Credit payments
14→
15Engaging brand.
Superior product.
Ubiquity.
16Our shopping app browser is a unique and
differentiated product for our consumers.
Shoppers can pay in any online store through our
app. The shopper clicks on and can pay
later at any store with a one-time card. Merchants
do not need to be integrated with Klarna.
Shoppers can also pay with Klarna in 78k physical
stores through Apple Pay or Google Pay, requiring
no merchant integration.
17No matter how small. A coffee. A dinner. Your groceries. In the App store.
The card has been used in 182 countries.
18+ Engaging brand.
+ Superior product.
+ Ubiquity.
= Consumers.
19Even in markets where we’ve been present for over 10 years we’re still growing fast. We have
competed very successfully against PayPal in Germany where we have taken a significant share
of checkout. The potential to scale in our new markets is multiple times greater.
GLOBAL USERS
Active 12 months*
20
*Logged in to the App and/or made a payment on an existing order and/or made a purchase with KlarnaGlobal per `Shopping Browser user
In focus:
Shopping browser
Shopping users are those
who transact directly through
our app (in addition to
directly through merchant or
exclusively). As we allow them
Consumers join us for our payments, but they love us for our
to access a broader range of
features. Sweden is our most mature market and we’ve seen a consumers, they transact
consistent increase in frequency on a cohort by cohort basis more frequently with us.
and an acceleration as we’ve matured. Other markets are Avg # of purchases (Q4 20)
younger, but show similar trends.
In focus:
Klarna Card
The Klarna Card drives a
material increase in
+650%
engagement as consumers use
it for everyday purchases with
control over what they Pay
Now or Pay Later. Greater
engagement also provides us
with additional data.
21By making Klarna available everywhere through merchant checkout, our app, our cards or our bank
accounts, we make sure we are there for the consumer when they need us. They then are more likely to
chose us when given a choice. This strengthens our network effect and ability to further grow both our
merchant and consumer networks, as well as increase engagement.
40% of GMV on our platform was
transacted through our app in
December, during a period of material
merchant volume growth. The Klarna
App has a strong endorsement of the
appeal of our shopping app for US
consumers with over USD 2.6bn in
annualized gross merchandise
volume. We are rolling out our
shopping app to all markets.
22Why would you,
as a merchant,
offer the pink
button?
23● Increase in conversion rates
● Increase in Average Order Value (AOV)
● Acquisition of new customers
● Support for a high number of markets
→
Increase in gross profit
24Why do
merchants
prefer
Klarna?
25Supporting a high number of markets is key for our global merchants. Our 15 years of experience and
breadth of markets has helped us develop strong execution abilities that both allow us to launch in multiple
markets simultaneously and scale at high speed.
Number of daily App downloads
19
Souce: App Annie
7
4
2
26Our consumers are part of the most attractive demographics
and we can target them with precision, leveraging our data.
More purchases per customer
per month than average.
of orders made by new shoppers
Average order value
27wishlisted items monthly active app users
28Key activities across both brands include paid
media efforts, influencer partnerships,
promotion within the Sephora app, and custom
editorial content.
Total Impressions Total Clicks
29The Bvlgari x Klarna pink edition is a curated collection of
accessories, leveraging the boldness of Klarna’s pink
branding and Bvlgari’s luxurious products.
30+ Audience.
+ Relevant content.
+ Engaging creative.
= Lots of new sales.
31higher AOV on Klarna purchases average increase in conversion
increase in purchase frequency of users would have abandoned their
purchase if 4 installments wasn’t available
average share Klarna transactions for the AOV increase
of checkout brand’s first time users
average share of AOV increase AOV increase
checkout
32Design
ready for
approval
33Payments:
Our infrastructure. Ubiquitous through mobile payments and card.
Provides data and profit.
Shopping: Banking:
An exciting experience tailored to Our personal finance features
each consumer built on our wealth have been popular for years. With
of data. Leads to engaging our new current account we are
content, increased usage and supporting our consumers with
more data. Potential to be a their daily transactions. Our
material revenue generator from savings accounts minimize our
affiliate and advertising, increasing funding costs, supporting our
consumer LTV. expansion.
34We have started to generate material leads to merchants from our app.
35We are building upon our loyal user base of consumers to launch our banking products. We launched
savings accounts in Sweden last year and just launched bank accounts in Germany. It enables us to have
touch points and data to support our consumers in every transaction.
Personal Finance: Live in SE, DE
Giving our users a complete financial overview by
enabling them to connect their banks and cards in
the Klarna app and providing effortless financial
controls to help them stay on top of their spending.
Klarna Bank Account: Live in DE
With the bank account we own ALL our consumers’
payments. We expect it to drive new users to our
app, drive engagement and be a trigger for
additional in-app shopping.
Klarna Savings: Live in SE
A no-frills deposit account that has so far been an
instant success to help us fund our growth.
36We launched savings accounts in our app in Sweden in 2020 and they were instantly successful. We raised
SEK 4bn in just 12 weeks. Our funding capabilities as a bank reduce our financing costs, enabling us to free
up more profit to fuel our product and market expansion.
Amount of SEK in deposit account (SE)
3738We are addressing the USD 6.5tn retail market in our main geographies, acting as a key customer acquisition
channel and serving retailers’ marketing and payment needs. The payments industry is USD 174bn in key
markets. We have a growing ~10% share of Nordics and DACH which shows the potential in the USD 165bn
US, UK and Australian markets.
W
USD 6.5tn
USD 3.9tn
USD 165 bn
USD 2.6tn
USD 9bn
Source:
Euromonitor
Source: Euromonitor Source: McKinsey
39of Swedish of e-commerce in the
population goes through shopping
is an active Klarna in app charts in
user Nordics the Nordics
Source: McKinsey
of all German of German of top 1,000
checkouts e-com German
include at least market goes retailers are
one Klarna through partnered with
payment option Klarna Klarna
Source: McKinsey
40Data: Digital Commerce 360, 2020
Strategy
change
Number of daily App downloads
4142Merchant fees Consumer fees
We charge a fee per transaction. The level of fees depends on the Driven mainly by interest and monthly fees paid on our long
duration of the loan and the level of risk. Merchant fees are term financing products, tilted towards the DACH and
highest relative to transaction value for interest-free Pay in 3 or 4 Nordic markets.
payment products. Pay Now carries lower merchant fees but
essentially no associated risk.
One click payment InIntteerreesstt--ffrreeee Interest-free Interest bearing
43● Market leading positions: e.g. Swedish 12 month actives ● Our payment methods are highly underpenetrated
of 6.2m make up 60% (!) of the population. but showing very strong initial adoption. We believe
● Growing 40% having been active for 10+ years the US could sustain triple digit growth for 3-5 years.
Total 40% Total 118%
Q4 YoY Q4 YoY
Other 81%
40%
UK 67%
40%
US 296%
44Year-to-date YoY volume growth is 65%.
YoY Jan 21 Feb 21*
DACH 55% 80%
Nordics 37% 68%
US 326% 286%
UK 60% 95%
Rest 83% 123%
Total 59% 87%
*First 10 days of February
*First 10 days of February
Merchant revenue growth continues to outpace volumes
● Consumers are shopping with interest free payments in greater volumes; we are supporting this
shift by prioritizing Pay Now and Pay Later products ahead of Financing.
● We are committed to helping consumers pay on time, as proven by Swedish reminder rates
halving between 2015 and 2020.
● Looking forward, the rapid increase in merchant-funded transactions increases our capacity to
continue to reduce consumer fees at an even faster rate.We will release FY results before the end of February.
Nordics & DACH 2020 2020 2020 2020 US, UK, BNL & Other 2020 2020 2020 2020
SEKm Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 SEKm Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
Volume 81,824 99,506 96,116 123,323 Volume 14,845 18,412 19,157 31,172
YoY 29% 44% 35% 40% YoY 118% 109% 87% 118%
Revenues 1,878 2,043 2,035 2,409 Revenues 488 612 608 958
YoY 19% 22% 19% 26% YoY 139% 145% 96% 125%
Net consumer losses -263 -260 -202 Net consumer losses -386 -216 -206
Financing costs -90 -78 -120 Financing costs -25 -31 -42
Other cost of services -175 -206 -232 Other cost of services -164 -191 -186
Gross profit 1,349 1,498 1,480 Gross profit -87 174 174
Margin 72% 73% 73% Margin -18% 28% 29%
Based on management accounts
4647